# Conjaro
Bash text-editor with multi-person collaboration features

*Looks like nano, works like google docs*






<br><br><br><br><br><br>
---
*Author's Notes:*
- The main purpose of this project is to practice programming in C while exercising a variety of technical concepts.
- I have not researched any plugins for nano, vim, emacs, etc that might already achieve the same functional purpose of Conjaro. I'm intentionally avoiding looking at others' code for the core concepts Conjaro attempts to implement (text editing, networking, color formatting, etc).
- If I were to see other implementations of a similar program, I feel I'd be opening pandora's box. I wouldn't unsee the methods I saw, and any code I write would subconsiously start to look like what I saw, defeating the purpose of this brain exercise and therefore my fun.
- I want to challenge myself to develop algorithms from scratch, think of creative solutions, and keep my programming skills sharp.
- Any functions generated by AI (mainly chatGPT) will be commented as such. These should usually only apply to boiler-plate C concepts that assist me in reaching the internal components of Conjaro.
- I wanted to write a mini-IDE from scratch because I like starting from bare-bones and building a big project start to finish.
- If there is interest in plugins that replicate Conjaro's features for other text editors, I may explore writing those once I feel like I've gotten sufficient practice with the concepts I want to practice in Conjaro.

**Conjaro is named after the condor bird, and I forget what the 'jaro' part is for.*
